[config_data]
qudian_amount_data_file							= data/config/qudian_amount_data_file.csv
qudian_amount_history_file						= data/config/qudian_amount_history_data.csv
qudian_amount_days_new_data_file				= data/config/qudian_amount_days_data_file.csv
fenqi_cycle_fenqi_diff_amount_rate_old_file		= data/input/fenqi_cycle_fenqi_diff_amount_rate_old_file.csv
fenqi_cycle_fenqi_diff_amount_rate_new_file		= data/config/fenqi_cycle_fenqi_diff_amount_rate_new_file.csv
fenqi_cycle_amount_rate_old_file				= data/input/fenqi_cycle_amount_old_rate.txt
fenqi_cycle_amount_rate_new_file				= data/config/fenqi_cycle_amount_new_rate.txt
order_bill_now_data_file						= data/input/order_bill_now_data_file.csv
all_bill_data_put_file            				= data/output/this_predict_bill_result_file.csv
all_bill_data_overdue_file          			= data/output/this_predict_overdue_capital_file.csv
fenqi_capital_rate_data_file					= data/config/fenqi_cycle_fenqi_diff_capital_rate.txt
fenqi_capital_rate_order_data_file				= data/input/fenqi_cycle_fenqi_diff_capital_order_rate.txt
order_creaded_deadline_overdue_rate_file		= data/input/order_created_deadline_overdue_rate.csv
order_bill_cycle_fenqi_mean_overdue_file		= data/input/fenqi_cycle_fenqi_mean_overdue_rate.csv
parameters_cycle_fenqi_mean_overdue_file		= data/output/parameters_cycle_fenqi_mean_overdue_rate.csv
parameters_order_deadline_overdue_rate_file		= data/output/parameters_order_deadline_overdue_rate.csv
order_create_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_input		= data/input/order_create_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate.csv
order_create_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_file		= data/input/order_create_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_output.csv
order_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_config_file		= data/config/order_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_config_file.csv
type_fenqi_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_file		= data/config/type_fenqi_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_file.csv
type_fenqi_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_old_file	= data/input/type_fenqi_cycle_fenqi_capital_rate_old_file.csv
day_order_type_cycle_fenqi_coefficient_file		= data/config/day_order_type_cycle_fenqi_coefficient_file
parameters_migration_risk_rate_config_file		= data/output/parameters_order_type_migration_risk_rate_config_file
qudian_xj_sw_amount_data_new_file				= data/config/qudian_xj_sw_amount_data_new_file.csv
qudian_xj_sw_amount_data_old_file				= data/input/qudian_xj_sw_amount_data_old_file.csv
all_product_parameter_data_file					= data/output/parameters_order_type_migration_risk_rate_config_file
all_order_bill_now_file							= data/input/all_order_bill_for_para_file.csv
jituan_overdue_flow_file						= data/input/jituan_overdue_flow_data_file.csv
predict_order_exposure_result_file				= data/output/predict_order_exposure_result_file.csv
product_tomorrow_risk_rate_file					= data/output/parameters_product_tomorrow_rate_file
